English

MENUS

menuFile:File
menuFileNew:New
menuFileOpen:Open
menuFileSave:Save
menuFileClose:Close
menuFileSettings:Settings
menuFileQuit:Quit

menuEdit:Edit
menuEditUndo:Undo
menuEditRedo:Redo
menuEditCut:Cut
menuEditCopy:Copy
menuEditPaste:Paste
menuEditDelete:Delete
menuEditSelectAll:Select all
menuEditClearSelection:Clear selection

menuLayer:Layer
menuLayerPalette:Palette
menuLayerShowTerrain:Show terrain
menuLayerShowObject:Show object
menuLayerShowAll:Show all

menuEditors:Editors

menuHelp:Help
menuHelpAbout:About

MAP EDITOR

mapTitle:Map editor

OBJECT EDITOR

objectTitle:Object editor

ANIMATION

animationTitle:Animation editor

SETTINGS WINDOW

settingsTitle:Settings
settingsLanguageLabel:Language
settingsStyleLabel:Theme
settingsDirectoryLabel:Project directory
settingsDirectoryChooser:Choose your project directory
settingsDirectoryErrorTitle:Project folder
settingsDirectoryErrorMessage:is not a folder

TILESET WINDOW

tilesetTitle:Tileset editor
tilesetFileLabel:File
tilesetFilenameLabel:Image filename
tilesetBrowse:Browse an image file
tilesetNameLabel:Tileset name
tilesetInfoLabel:Info
tilesetColumnLabel:Columns
tilesetLineLabel:Lines
tilesetOffsetLabel:Offset
tilesetProperties:Properties
tilesetValidateButton:Validate
tilesetResetButton:Cancel

PROPERTIES

propertiesCreateTitle:New property
propertiesModifyTitle:Modify a property
propertiesSpecificationTitle:Edit a property
propertiesQuestionLabel:Choose a property type
propertiesName:Name
propertiesValue:Value
propertiesColor:Color

propertiesTypeErrorTitle:Type missing
propertiesTypeErrorText:You must choose a type
propertiesNameErrorTitle:Name missing
propertiesNameErrorText:Propertie must have a name
propertiesEmptyErrorTitle:No specification
propertiesEmptyErrorText:Propertie can't be empty

bool:Boolean
int:Integer
double:Decimal
char:Character
string:Character sequence

MESSAGE

confirmationTitle:Confirm

modificationDone:Changes have been done
quitQuestion:Do you really want to cancel ?

BUTTONS

okButton:Ok
applyButton:Apply
cancelButton:Cancel
yes:Yes
no:No